[General Assembly] Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# browser-template

A template for starting front-end projects. Webpack for `require` system, build
pipeline, and development server. Boostrap and Handlebars.js included. No
front-end frameworks included.

## Dependencies

Install with `npm install`.

-   [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io)
-   [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com)
-   [Handlebars.js](http://handlebarsjs.com)

At the beginning of each cohort, update the versions in
[`package.json`](package.json) by replace all versions with a glob (`*`) and
running `npm update --save && npm update --save-dev`. You may wish to test these
changes by deleting the `node_modules` directory and running `npm install`.
Fix any conflicts.

## Installation

1.  [Download](../../archive/master.zip) this template.
1.  Unzip and rename the template directory.
1.  Empty [`README.md`](README.md) and fill with your own content.
1.  Move into the new project and `git init`.
1.  Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Structure

Dependencies are stored in [`package.json`](package.json).

Do not configure `grunt` packages directly in the
[`Gruntfile.js`](Gruntfile.js). Instead, store configurations in the
[`grunt`](grunt) directory. You won't need a top-level key, since that's
generated by the `Gruntfile.js` based on the filename of the configuration
object stored in the `grunt` directory.

Developers should store JavaScript files in [`assets/scripts`](assets/scripts).
The "manifest" or entry-point is
[`assets/scripts/index.js`](assets/scripts/index.js). In general, only
application initialization goes in this file. It's normal for developers to
start putting all code in this file, but encourage them to break out different
responsibilities and use the `require` syntax put references where they're
needed.

Developers should set `config.apiOrigins.production` (and
`config.apiOrigins.development` if it differs from the default).  With
`apiOrigins` set, developers may rely on `config.apiOrigin` as the base for API
URLs.

Developers should store styles in [`assets/styles`](assets/styles) and load them
from [`assets/styles/index.scss`](assets/styles/index.scss).

Developers should use [getFormFields](forms.md) to retrieve form data to send to
an API.

To deploy a browser-template based SPA, run `grunt deploy`.
## My Stuff
Submit detailed answers to the following in this file via a pull request:

-   A wireframe of what your game project will look like.
  -
-   The data structure you plan to use.
  -Hmm......
-   How you will take the markup of the game board and represent it in JS
  -I think the markup of the game board should provide a good model(s) of the game and the code that will be necessary to get it functioning properly. I plan on using the markup as a reference point through out creating the JS/event handler code.
-   How you plan to approach this project.
  - I'm planning on breaking this project down to as many modules as possible. After getting the user stories, wireframes, and basic HTML/CSS layout down, the game logic and the event handlers that drive the game  will be the priority.
-   4-8 user stories for your game project.
  - user must be able to create an account, login, and sign-out.
  - user can select any cell on the board to put X or 0
  - user must be alerted when he/she wins/loses game
  - user must have the ability to start reset the game board after winning/losing.
  -
-   How you plan to keep your code modular.
  - I plan on keeping my code modular by breaking the project in to various modules from the begining. This will be helped the provided 'suggested order'. After creating my official user stories and analyzing my wireframes in comparison to what I can actually make work with my current development skillset, I can then move on to the bare-bones HTML and CSS. I belive creating the game logic in javascript will take a considerable amount of time, so if I do find myself particularly pressed on time, I will make that my priority. After developing working(hopefully!) game logic, I will move on to incorporating event handlers in correspondance with my user stories. And then on to getting this thing online and accessable. Small, small steps. Lots of commits.
-   What creative spin will you add to your project?
  -I'm not one to truly know what is doable, and what is far too much of a challange, so I plan on keeping it simple. While I'm not yet one for design, I hope to make the User experience as 'to the point' as possible. Some creative ideas have included a custom profile picture that is visable during gameplay, and maybe pops up in the opponents screen after winning.
-   How will you use version control to backup / track your project?
  -Given my lack of experience and slowly growing ability to address bugs, I plan on making plenty of git commits!
-   Do you plan to attempt any of the bonuses?
  - Potentially. Let's just get the requirements done first. Can always improve upon the product later.

## Tasks

Developers should run these often!

-   `grunt nag` or just `grunt`: runs code quality analysis tools on your code
    and complains
-   `grunt reformat`: reformats all your code in a standard style
-   `grunt <server|serve|s>`: generates bundles, watches, and livereloads
-   `grunt test`: runs any automated tests, depends on `grunt build`
-   `grunt build`: place bundled styles and scripts where `index.html` can find
    them

## [License](LICENSE)

1.  All content is licensed under a CC­BY­NC­SA 4.0 license.
1.  All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or
    alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
